1.5 cups finely diced shitake mushroom caps
1/2 tsp rosemary
3.5 cups portabello caps chopped into largish (3/4 inch) cubes
2 ripe tomatoes
1 tsp basil
1/4 tsp oregano
1/4 tsp black pepper
1 chopped onion
2 cloves garlic
4 tbsp Vegetable oil
1 can tomatoe soup
1/2 cup white wine (preferably something dry, yet fruity. I used L'Auberge, cause it was cheap)


1) Stick the finely diced shitake in a bowl with the rosemary sprinkeld on top, let it sit while you do the rest
2) Set the chopped portabellos aside in a bowl
3) Stick the diced ripe tomatoes in a bowl with the basil, oregano and pepper sprinkled on top
4) Chop the onions and garlic (well chopped on both counts please) and stick them on a plate
5) Find a large frying pan with a lid (deep dish saute type thing) and pour in two of the tbsp of oil
6) Heat the oil on high and then throw in the shitake/rosemary. saute for two minutes
7) remove from heat, put the shitake back in it's bowl, drain as much of the oil back into the pan as possible.
8) pour in two more tbsp of oil and reheat at medium high
9) stick in chopped onions and garlic in and saute until fairly translucent 
10) add the shitake back in and stir till well mixed.
11) switch heat to medium and add the tomatoes and remaining spice
12) mix and wait a few seconds (the time it takes to open a can of tomatoe soup) and then add the tomatoe soup
13) mix and wait a few seconds (the time it takes to uncork a bottle of wine) and then add the 1/2 cup white wine.
14) stir for a minute
15) add chopped portabellos and mix in as well as possible
16) lower heat to medium medium-low (between medium and low, edging strongly towards medium) and put the lid on
17) let simmer for 15 minutes
18) remove and let sit in fridge for several hours.
19) re-heat and serve.


Works well just on rice. Can also get chicken breast and marinade in the sauce, then stick it all in and broil it. 

Takes 30 minutes to make, maybe less if you're handy. Should feed 4-6.