Use the standard pizza sauce and pizza dough.

For best results, make the pizza saucea few days before.

Mushroom topping:
1 basket white mushrooms (220-250g)
1/4 tsp worstecherchire sauce
1 tsp rosemary
1 tsp basil
1/4 tsp black pepper
a pinch of salt
8 pecans, crushed
2 tbsp olive oil

Chop up the mushrooms finely. Heat oil in a non-stick pan (low-medium heat (my oven goes lo 1-9 hi, and I use 3)). Add in the mushrooms once heated. 
Stir carefully until the mushrooms begin to turn color a bit, then add salt. Stir until mushrooms are fairly dark (5 mins), then add spices and worstechershire sauce.
Stir for another 2 minutes and add the sauce. Stir infrequently for another 5 minutes and then take off heat and set aside.

Rest of pizza

Requires:
1 300g mozzarella grated
1/2 Green pepper thingly sliced
1/2 big white onion (the mild one) chopped
1 small tomatoe (I like the vine ripened ones) chopped
6 slices of bacon cooked then chopped.

Cooking the bacon:
Cook the bacon on low heat (heat 1 on my oven), with two/three tbsp of the pizza sauce mixed in the pan. This does nice things to the bacon as it 
cooks. I also don't pour off the bacon fat, I leave it in the pan. The bacon just needs to be cooked, it doesn't need to be crispy, and in fact is
tricky to get crispy with that sauce in the pan.


I usually start the pizza dough in the machine and then make the mushroom topping, as it's nice when it sits for a bit. The rest can wait till the 
pizza is out of the machine and you're waiting for it to sit (you do that twice in my dough recipe). Once the machine is done and you're waiting, I suggest
making the bacon, as on the lowest heat it takes a while to cook, but is otherwise requiring of little effort (flip it every minute or two). Then grate 
the cheese and slice the pepper/chop the onion. You can leave the tomatoe till after, or chop it with the rest of the vegetables.

Once the pizze is done it's final rising, spread a generous amount of the sauce on the pizze. Then place the sliced pepper evenly over it. Place 
the bacon next (easier to determine bacon coverage before the onions). Then spread the white onions evenly as possible (they should appear to be on pretty 
thick, but that's ok). Lastly place the cheese on as evenly as possible. It should look mountainous in amount, but that's also ok. Pour remaining bacon fat 
lightly over the cheese (there may not be much). Put it in an oven that is pre-heated to 425F. Cook for 20 minutes at that heat, then pull it out, and 
evenly distribute the mushroom topping across the top of the pizze. Add the chopped tomatoe to the top of the pizza and place it back in the oven for 
another 5 minutes. Pull it out and let it cool a few minutes before slicing and serving.

Enjoy!
