http://www.cbc.ca/food/recipes/stevens-half-made-homemade-pierogies
Dec. 29, 2017

Love Steven? Then you’ll really love his Half-Made Homemade Pierogies! If you're partial to potato and cheese, he’s got you covered, and if sauerkraut is your thing, he’s got the easiest filling around!

Ingredients

Potato and cheese filling:
2 Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and halved
½ cup mayonnaise 
1 cup sharp old cheddar, grated
salt and pepper (to taste)

Sauerkraut filling:
1 tbsp vegetable oil
1 tbsp butter
1 yellow onion, diced (or 2 yellow onions, caramelized)
2 cups sauerkraut, rinsed and drained
salt and pepper (to taste)

Assembly:
1 package egg roll wrappers
vegetable oil (for frying)
butter (for frying)
water (for sealing)

Garnish options:
sour cream
fried onion slices
cubed smoked bacon, fried
minced chives
paprika 
Preparation
Potato and cheese filling

Add potatoes to a pot of cold salted water. Bring water to a boil and cook until potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes. Drain potatoes and mash with mayo. Fold in cheese, salt and pepper. Set aside.

Sauerkraut filling

Sautee onions in oil and butter until softened and lightly browned. Add drained sauerkraut to pan, sautee for 5 minutes, season with salt and pepper. Set aside to cool slightly. If making caramelized onion option, caramelize onions, then add sauerkraut to pan, season with salt and pepper, sautee for an additional 5 minutes.

Assembly

Place about 1 heaping tbsp of filling into centre of egg roll  wrapper. Use fingers to wet perimeter of wrapper. Fold wrapper in half and seal edges, making sure to push all air out of filling. Continue until all wontons are stuffed.

Blanch pierogies in salted boiling water for 2-3 minutes, until wrapper is translucent. If working in batches, place blanched perogies on an oiled plate, separating layers with parchment paper as they will stick together.

Heat a non-stick pan to medium heat, and add a splash of oil. Fry pierogies until golden brown on both sides. Continue until all pierogies are cooked, add more oil as needed.

Servings: Makes 12-24 depending on the size of your wrappers